docs: fix grammar and spelling errors (#25139)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/build/building-modules/05-protobuf-annotations.md

## Implements_Interface

> The implement interface is used to provide information to client tooling like [telescope](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/telescope) on how to encode and decode protobuf messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Implements_Interface` is used to provide information to client tooling like [telescope](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/telescope) on how to encode and decode protobuf messages. 
```
